= README

== Description

Rails boilerplate includes Bootstrap, Devise, CanCan

Root route points to a dashboard

Styles
* Bootstrap (Lumen theme http://bootswatch.com/) 

To change the Bootstrap theme, delete the current bootstrap.css file and replace it by a new one from http://bootswatch.com

Controllers
* Dashboard

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version
ruby 2.1.2p95 

* System dependencies

* Configuration

== To-Do

* Add seed data for development

== Devise setup

Model `User` is used for devise's users and is already configured in the routes. The command `rails g devise:views` has already been run to make Devise views available for customization. Devise views are available at app/views/devise.

Some setup you must do manually if you haven't yet:

1. Ensure you have defined default url options in your environments files. Here
     is an example of default_url_options appropriate for a development environment
     in config/environments/development.rb:

       config.action_mailer.default_url_options = { host: 'localhost', port: 3000 }

     In production, :host should be set to the actual host of your application.

2. Ensure you have flash messages in app/views/layouts/application.html.erb.
     For example:

       <p class="notice"><%= notice %></p>
       <p class="alert"><%= alert %></p>

3. If you are deploying on Heroku with Rails 3.2 only, you may want to set:

       config.assets.initialize_on_precompile = false

     On config/application.rb forcing your application to not access the DB
     or load models when precompiling your assets.

= IMPORTANT 

Check the `User` (app/models/user.rb) for any additional configuration options you might want to add, such as confirmable or lockable. If you add an option, be sure to inspect the migration file (db/migrate/0123456789_devise_create_users.rb) and uncomment the appropriate section. For example, if you add the confirmable option in the model, you'll need to uncomment the Confirmable section in the migration. Then run `rake db:migrate`

== Places to change the App Name from

**DEVISE**
* devise layout app/views/layouts/devise.html.erb (title tag and heading)
* app/views/devise/sessions/new.html.erb

**CONFIG**
* config/application.rb
* config/initializers/session_store.rb

* README.rdoc

* application layout app/views/layouts/application.html.erb (title tag and heading)

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
